Before they sold out meditation etsy 8-bit. Keytar thundercats messenger bag fixie asymmetrical, yr man bun organic man braid. Locavore selfies messenger bag whatever pop-up lo-fi taxidermy cred. Marfa cornhole ennui truffaut, PBR&B fanny pack blue bottle. Roof party post-ironic pug street art. Before they sold out vinyl bespoke normcore helvetica slow-carb. Tacos skateboard chambray, deep v cornhole lo-fi locavore quinoa iPhone.

Hi boys. I'm Tina. So I think I'm being attacked by zombies and I start screaming, 'Do you wanna make out?' And I make out with it. I'm out of control. Dear Diary: Tonight I'm sneaking off to the abandoned taffy factory to look for treasure. Also, if boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses. uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I'm out of control. Butts. I could go to jail, or hell, or jail-hell. I need to find a boy with a turtle bite on his finger.

Our toaster is also confused. It doesn't know where bagels go. Crap attack? Don't have one? I'm torn. Dad raised me, but the shark gets me. Thank you zombie boyfriends. Argh!... Wait, I like the library. Detention is no big deal. Don't have a crap attack. Hi boys. I'm Tina. I'm out of control. The second time hurt the most. My bra's chafing me. Time for the charm bomb to explode. I'm compiling a list of people I can mate with to repopulate the Earth. Jimmy Jr. had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot. You're right. I'm a firestarter and a jinx. I'm going to destroy this whole family.

Everything I know to be true just went out the window. It's a mating list for when the world ends. Can I get your email? Chad the Zombie touched the butt of that girl with the frosted hair from my art class. I think her name is Kristi. Time for the charm bomb to explode. Dad, I need you to drop everything and shave my legs. Thank you zombie boyfriends. I could go to jail, or hell, or jail-hell. Detention is no big deal. Don't have a crap attack. Do you think horses get songs stuck in their heads? Crap attack? Don't have one? YOU GORGEOUS IDIOT! My crotch is itchy. It includes material that may not be suitable for all ages. It's an erotic friend fiction story that I just wrote. I hope you like it, because you're all in it. It's called 'Buttloose.'

I'm gonna write the most erotic, graphic, freakiest friend fiction ever. There's a lot of carrots in that stew. Butts. I've logged over 3,000 fantasy hours on my relationship with Jimmy Jr. You don't just throw that away. There's a lot of carrots in that stew. Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life. I'm just not sure if I'll be any good on the grill with one free hand. Just when I think I'm out, those cheeks pull me right back in.

If I drunk text you and you're asleep, don't text me in the morning…that ship has sailed. I'm a smart, strong, sensual woman. I'm not spooked. What's the next thing after spooked? I'm that. So I think I'm being attacked by zombies and I start screaming, 'Do you wanna make out?' And I make out with it. This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty zoo. Jimmy Jr. had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot. How do you know a python ate it? Did it leave a note? Explore the morgue?

Hi boys. I'm Tina. Please don't tell Mom and Dad. Not if you're a fish. I didn't know our county was bi. Good for us. I know how the shark thinks. It's confused. It doesn't know why we want to kill it. It just wants to go home. I can't tell where your back ends and your butt begins. You're right. I'm a firestarter and a jinx. I'm going to destroy this whole family. Sometimes with Jimmy Jr, I don't know what to say. But now I don't know what not to say and it's like okay guys, who can get to my mouth first? A pants-off. For me? I need both ears to hold up my glasses. So I think I'm being attacked by zombies and I start screaming, 'Do you wanna make out?' And I make out with it. Follow me fellas...Lets go somewhere where the sixteen of us can be alone. Dear God, this is Tina from school. You won't regret it, dad. When I kiss Jimmy Jr. under the disco ball, it'll be like we're all kissing Jimmy Jr under the disco ball. It's a mating list for when the world ends. Can I get your email?